# accessibility-blog
Hearing the World with New Ears ! Hi, it’s me again ! In my last post I spoke of my experience as a 40-something getting into the tech field. That story was about how I was “Seeing the World with New Eyes”.

We’re into week 8 and The Iron Yard is teaching us about accessibility on the internet. It’s pretty obvious most web developers assume everyone was born with perfectly working eyes, ears, hands, etc. I must admit, I myself take things for granted. I don’t mean to, it just happens. It isn’t until I put myself in someone else’s shoes that I feel their pain. But am I really feeling their pain ? NO. Closing my eyes to experience something is a far cry from being blind. Covering my ears to not hear something does not paint a picture of what it’s REALLY like to be deaf. I did not realize how much of the world we are leaving out when designing a website that is NOT accessible. 

Today was very eye opening to me. I was completely clueless to the percentage of the American population that has a disability. Maybe this will help put it into perspective for you, it certainly helped me. 57 million Americans have a disability. About 38 million of that number have a severe disability. I know some people might say that when you take the entire US into consideration that it does not sound like a big number. Well, it’s about 18% of the country. That’s a lot of people who are being left out for no fault of their own. After taking this course, I see that it could be done easily once the habits are formed. You have to think of laying things out differently, adding hidden documentation that screen readers would see and read to the person browsing. While it seems a bit confusing, I think it could become second nature. I mean, I remember what it was like the first few weeks of learning CSS and HTML. It would be similar to that. It looks like I will need to get more involved in understanding this and making it more of a priority. Hopefully, I will be able to see this in play when I begin working in the field. 
